CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT 
==========================
Martin Gyurkó <martin.gyurko@gyurma.de>
v1.0, {docdate}: valami
:toc:
:toclevels: 3
:doctype: article
:chapter-label:
:!figure-caption: 
:table-stripes: odd
:fullWidth: "scaledwidth=17cm, width=100%"
:iconsdir: ./Bilder/icons
:imagesdir: ./Bilder
:icons: font
ifdef::backend-docbook5[]
:icons: image
endif::[]
:companyName: Gyurmas Electronics
:myAdress: Maurach 211d, 6220 Buch in Tirol, Austria
:them: asdf asdf GmbH
:theirAdress: Neue Strasse 1, 12345 Hinterkleinkleckersdorf, Musterland 
:whatDoWeDevelop: Nichts besonderes


CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
-------------------------

between 

*{companyName}, {author}*

{myAdress}

and 

*{them}*

{theirAdress}

BACKGROUND
----------

The parties intend to disclose to each other certain confidential information for the purpose of evaluating 
each party's potential interest in mutual business activities relating to the development of 

_{whatDoWeDevelop}_

 
OPERATIVE PROVISIONS
--------------------


DEFINITIONS
~~~~~~~~~~~


. *“Recipient”* means the party receiving Confidential Information. 

. *“Discloser”* means the party disclosing Confidential Information to the other party. 

. *“Purpose”* means  

.. any discussions and negotiations between or within the parties with respect to or in connection with the establishment of a business relationship between the parties; and subsequently, 
.. any activities in connection with the business relationship between the parties. 

. “Confidential  Information”  means  any  data  or  information  that  is  proprietary  to  the  Discloser 
relating to each party’s respective business or affairs (including, but not limited to, current and future 
products,  designs,  business  plans,  operations,  know-how,  technologies,  customers,  employees, 
procurement, contracts, research and development, manufacturing processes and plans, marketing 
strategies, financial information, intellectual property, and related information) disclosed to Recipient 
after the effective date of this agreement by the Discloser or any third party on behalf of Discloser, 
whether in written, oral or any other tangible or intangible form. Confidential Information includes any 
information  generated  by  (or  for)  Recipient  that  contains,  reflects,  or  is  derived  from  any  of  the 
foregoing. 

. Confidential Information shall not include information that Recipient can demonstrate: 

.. is at the time of disclosure, or subsequently becomes, generally available to the public without breach of this agreement by Recipient; 
.. to have had rightfully in its possession prior to disclosure to Recipient by Discloser; 
.. is independently developed by Recipient without the use of any Confidential Information; or 
.. Recipient rightfully obtains from a third party who has the right to transfer or disclose it; or 
.. was disclosed to a third party with the Discloser's prior written consent; or 
.. was disclosed to a third party after the period of seven (7) years from the date of the disclosure.

NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-USE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
-------------------------------------------------------

. Recipient agrees to treat Confidential Information confidential and use the same degree of care that 
it uses to protect its own confidential and proprietary information of similar importance (but in no 
event less than reasonable care). Recipient warrants that it will take all necessary cautions to prevent 
the unauthorized use, disclosure, publication or dissemination of Confidential Information. Recipient 
may disclose the Confidential Information only to its directors or employees who have a need to 
know the Confidential Information for the Purpose, provided that such party agrees to be bound by 
this or comparable agreements to the same extent as Recipient is bound and Recipient agrees to 
be responsible for any breach by these employees and directors. Recipient shall not create a copy 
or  reproduce  in  any  form  (electronic  or  otherwise)  any  materials  or  documents  containing 
Confidential Information, except as reasonably necessary to further the Purpose. All copies of the 
Confidential Information will as of their creation become the property of Discloser. Recipient will 
return any and all tangible Confidential Information provided to it by Discloser and copies thereof, to 
Discloser within 30 days after Discloser’s written request, provided, however, Recipient shall destroy 
such information if Discloser elects so. In case of any breach of this agreement, the Recipient shall 
return the Confidential Information and all copies thereof immediately.

. The parties acknowledge and agree that they are part of organizations of one or more legal entities 
in different jurisdictions and that it may be required for them to provide information to their respective 
Subsidiaries (as defined below). Therefore, the parties agree that
 
.. Recipient may disclose Confidential Information to its Subsidiaries without Discloser’s consent, if and to the extent such disclosure is required in order to fulfill the Purpose; and 
.. a disclosure to or by a party’s respective Subsidiaries shall be considered as disclosure to or by the respective party; and 
.. each party is responsible and liable for its respective Subsidiaries’ compliance and due delivery of the obligations set out in this agreement. 

. For the purposes of this agreement, *“Subsidiaries”* shall mean any subsidiary, in which a party 
holds, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the controlling or voting rights.  

INJUNCTIVE RELIEF AND COMPENSATION
----------------------------------

. The parties will compensate each other for any damages arising from the breach of the present 
agreement. The parties hereby acknowledge that the unauthorized disclosure or use of Confidential 
Information could cause irreparable damage and substantial disadvantage to the parties or their 
current or future customers which may be difficult to determine. Therefore, the parties agree that the 
party which has suffered a disadvantage shall be entitled, in addition to any other rights and remedies 
that it may have, to seek injunctive relief in order to enforce the obligations under the agreement. 

. In addition and regardless of negligence or fault or proof of an actual damage, the parties agree to 
contractual penalty in the amount of EUR 15,000.00 for the event of a breach of this agreement. 
Further claims of the injured party remain unaffected. 

RESTRICTIONS AND WARRANTY
-------------------------

. Recipient

.. shall not disclose Confidential Information, neither in whole nor in part, to any third party; 
.. shall  only  use  the  Confidential  Information  for  the  Purpose;  and  
.. shall  not,  without  the Discloser’s written consent, neither in whole nor in part, commercially exploit or use the Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Recipient may make such disclosure if it is required to do so by law, provided always that Recipient has informed Discloser about such disclosure at least two business days prior to the disclosure. 

. Discloser  warrants  that  it  authorizes  the  Recipient  to  use  the  Confidential  Information  for  the 
Purpose. 

. Nothing in this agreement or any disclosure hereunder creates any obligation to disclose Confidential 
Information, use the Confidential Information in any product, warrant the accuracy or completeness 
of the Confidential Information, or the fitness of the Confidential Information for a particular purpose, 
or grant any license or other right to Confidential Information under copyright or other intellectual 
property right to the Discloser other than the right to use the Confidential Information for the Purpose. 

. The Discloser disclaims all warranty that the use of the Confidential Information does not infringe 
upon the rights of any third party or otherwise causes damages. The Discloser shall not be liable for 
any damages resulting from the infringement of third party rights or otherwise. 

WAIVER
------

. Any failure or delay to enforce any provision of this agreement shall not constitute a waiver thereof 
or  of  any  other  provision,  unless the  respective  party  expressly  waives  its  right  to  enforce  such 
provision in writing. 

ASSIGNMENT
----------

. Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer its rights and obligations out of this agreement, neither 
in whole nor in part, without the other party’s prior written consent. 

APPLICABLE LAW & JURISDICTION
-----------------------------

. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Austrian law, excluding its 
conflict of law’s provisions. All disputes arising out of or in connection with this agreement shall be 
brought exclusively before the competent courts of law of the legal district where the defendant party 
has its registered office.  
 
[.lead]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this agreement to be duly executed by their duly 
authorized representatives. 
 

Buch in Tirol {docdate}

image::AlairasKicsi.png[width=50%]

{author}

{companyName}



''' 
Name: 

Title: 
 


''' 
(signature) 

Name: 

Title: 
 


''' 
(signature) 

Name: 

Title: 



''' 
(signature) 